Assignment name: Bookstore

Name: Liam Barragan
UWNetID: liamcb


Assignment Overview:
From my understanding of the assignment, I had to program
this program to help make a bookstore. With that, I had to write 3
 classes that each created something that would help make the bookstore.
 That being, the Item class, which will create the Item for purchase in the book store,
 Item Order which is creates what the customers order is going to be, and Cart class,
 which would hold the item order for the customer. This project introduced a lot of new
 things, such as using Big decimal, using Junit testing, and getting an introduction with
 more complex projects. I think mostly this project was to help teach and learn how to do
 JUnit testing. That was very new so it did take some time but I did figure it out in the
 end. One other thing this project taught was how to read through code and find errors.
 For the last part of the assignment, I had to find where the error is in the logginframe
  class to see what is causing the error. So reading through the code and finding the logical
  error was something new that was introduced as a project. For the JUnit testing, that was
  mostly testing my methods for edge cases and to see if it would run if a certain scenario
  would happen. So learning about different possibilities was something that was introduced
  in this assignment.  Otherwise, this assignment didn’t introduce anything else as I learned
  about different data structures in other classes so implementing them was fun.

Technical Impression:
I was discussing with one classmate on different ways to
 solve the problem, so I worked with them to try different ways
 to approach the problem. I also looked up some stuff to better understand
 the problems and so the tools I utilized were in the citations area. I found the
 JUnit testing to be very difficult. I didn’t really understand how to do it and
 I was getting frustrated on how to do it. I also had simple errors in my code that
 caused it to either crash or not run the program. At one point, I thought something was
 wrong with my computer, because the program kept crashing and I thought I put in my code
 correctly, however, to my surprise there was an extra set of parentheses so that is what
 caused it to crash. I found it interesting that there were different ways to solve the cart
 class. What I mean by that is that there were different data structures I could use to
 implement into the class. That was very interesting to me. I also found the last part of
 the assignment, finding the error, to be fun and challenging at the same time. I thought
 doing that was fun because I generally like to problem solve like that, and doing that just
 as fun as solving a puzzle.

Unresolved problems in my submission:
(Use this space to list problems which you know exist in your submission. This could include program features which you did not have time to implement, bugs in your code, warnings generated by the tools which you did not understand or did not have time to correct, or other issues. I give a reduced grade penalty for problems which I find in your submission that are listed here and a larger penalty for those which are not. Just say 'none' if there are no issues that you are aware of.) 
I am not sure, but I tried to get as much errors as I could from PMD and Checkstyle,
I know Tom said in order to recieve all the points I need to try to get as much errors as
I could. I did do that. Also, for my setMembership class, I am not sure, but I recieve an
error after I click out of the membership click button, so that is something I was unable to
resolve.

Citations and Collaborations:
Equals Item Class
https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2011/02/how-to-write-equals-method-in-java.html

calculateTotal()
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37989317/how-to-sum-bigdecimal-properties-in-java
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49853552/how-to-convert-an-integer-to-bigdecimal-in-java

toString Cart
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stringbuilder-class-in-java-with-examples/

Add method for cart class
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1196586/calling-remove-in-foreach-loop-in-java

jUnit
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40268446/junit-5-how-to-assert-an-exception-is-thrown
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6138666/how-to-unit-test-constructors

I also got help from Sado Iman, she helped me understand the problem from a different angle,
and we both came up with ideas on how to solve a problem and how to do the testing classes.
Questions:
None.
Extra Credit:
On Friday, Tom said that there would be extra credit if I java docs the testing method (3 pts)
so I did that for extra credit.