Assignment name: Assignment 5
TCSS 305 C: Programming Practicum, Fall 2023


Name: Liam Barragan
UWNetID: liamcb


Assignment Overview:
The assignment was mostly to give me a better understanding of GUI listeners.
From my understanding of the assignment, I had to put event handlers for the slider,
increase and decrease button, checkbox, and textbox. For the buttons, everytime the
increase button is pressed the number for the colors will increase, while the decrease
button, it will decrease the number of the color. For the slider, everytime it is used
it will either increase or decrease the number, when you move the slider right or left.
For the checkbox, if it is checked off, then the user will be able to type the number for
the color. Of course, the boundaries for the number is 0-255. Other than that, that was the
whole assignment. So basically, the whole assignment is to get used to and understand GUI
listeners.


Technical Impression:
For this assignment, I mostly used YouTube videos to help me get through
this assignment. The videos just helped me get like an outline of the event handlers.
Setting the boundaries and stuff like that was all done by me, as I kinda understand
how to set the boundaries. Then for some off the event handlers, like the checkbox event
handler, I just used the same code from the bookstore assignment. Other than that, YouTube
videos mostly helped me out with the assignment. This assignment was not too difficult so
I did not struggle or get frustrated with this assignment. What I found interesting however,
was how the event handlers were are handling the events. What I mean is how each event is
being handled through a couple lines of code. I found it cool that I was able to write a
couple lines of code and I was able to do cool things like using the slider and being able
to type on the textbox. I also found it interesting that there were different ways to handle
the events. As I was on YouTube, I found different ways to solve the problem of adding
different event handlers. Overall, I found this assignment to be cool and easy to do.


Unresolved problems in my submission:
On the bottom of the program, there is are duplicates of showing the color numbers,
I could not figure out how to get rid of it, but it is there.


Citations and Collaborations:
I forgot but all these links heleped me out with adding each of the event handlers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMITfhvXVJg&t=427s

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rJdMaSgt38

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwxvLzQoMYM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN29Y600k5g


Extra Credit Attempted:
None

Questions:
None